adding docs for browser extension (#8)
metalbear-co/docs: using-mirrord/browser-extension.md

---
title: "Browser Extension"

> description: "How to use Browser extenstion for automatic header injection"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "How to use the mirrord Browser Extension for automatic header injection"
```
